NARRATOR On the eve
of Ash's Kalos Gym
battle with Korrina
our heroes have finally
arrived in Shalour City.
Thank you for waiting.
Your Pokémon are just fine.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ Great!
‐ Thanks, Nurse Joy.
Alright. Now we can go
and challenge Korrina.
[EXCITED]
Wow, Ash. You can't wait.
But still, Korrina
and Lucario are strong.
Are you sure you're ready?
Maybe you should train more.
He's right. What about Tierno's
rhythmic battle style?
Have you mastered that yet?
I'm just saying.
Hey, I'll be fine.
Long as I tackle that battle
head on, it'll all work out.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Origins of Mega Evolution!"
It's so beautiful.
It sure is.
That's the Tower of Mastery.
The Shalour Gym
should be inside.
How do we get there?
[CONFUSED]
I don't see
any sort of a bridge.
Looks like it's just
floating in the ocean.
We can't get over there
by walking.
Come on. We came all this way,
and we can't get to the Gym?
That's nuts.
I want to have a battle now!
[IMPATIENT]
Those who seek power.
Show your heart and the path
shall reveal itself.
[all gasping]
ASH
'Korrina!'
Just playing.
[FRIENDLY]
And Lucario too.
[EXCITED]
What a cool surprise!
So good to see you again.
Good to see you again too.
Welcome to Shalour City.
You came over here
just to meet us?
Yup, I figured you'd be
showing up soon
so I've been waiting for you.
If you're trying to get
to the Shalour Gym
that means one thing.
You must be fully prepared
to challenge me. That true?
Of course.
But, you haven't decided
on a strategy yet.
I've been training hard
since I last saw you
and I've beaten
every challenger.
So that means
you've won all your battles.
Wow, you're so strong.
Amazing. Awesome!
[IMPRESSED]
But soon, I'm gonna beat you
and Mega Lucario
and win my third
Kalos Gym badge.
We've got a problem.
Isn't the Gym over there?
How are we going to get across?
Can't do it now.
We can't? No way.
Why not?
There's a saying,
those with a desire to battle
must wait patiently.
What are you talking about?
Grandfather says it a lot.
It's the motto
our family lives by.
It's going to be a while
before we can get over there.
Oh, no! But I want
to have a battle now.
Now, now. Calm down.
It's okay.
This way you'll have
a bit more time to train.
Remember,
Korrina's even stronger now.
Guess you're right.
[EXCITED]
[EAGER]
KORRINA
'You've caught a Hawlucha.'
'And Fletchling
evolved into Fletchinder'
'a Fire and Flying‐type.'
You've really been
thinking about a strategy
to counter
our Fighting‐type Gym.
ASH
'Sure have.'
But, hold on.
If you're going to train
I probably
shouldn't watch, right?
That's a good point.
If you watch Ash train
that would give away
his strategy.
‐ That's okay with me.
‐ Uh?
You sure?
We always battle
our opponent head on.
We've got nothing
to hide, do we?
[EMPHATIC]
Let's work on
moving and grooving.
Then we'll win
that Gym badge.
[EXCITED]
Alright. Here we go.
Yay! Let the music play.
Okay. Everyone,
it's time to dance.
[HAPPY]
'You're doing great, Pikachu.'
[CURIOUS]/[EXCITED]
Uh, Chespin.
[PLEASED]
Wow. Look at Chespin go.
Chespin sure is a good dancer.
[CONTENT]
Look at that.
Fletchinder's totally graceful.
[CONFIDENT]
Hawlucha's a great dancer too.
[EMPHATIC]
[HAPPY]
Froakie's no slouch as well.
The problem is..
I think
Ash is trying to dance.
Alright. Yeah.
That's dancing?
He looks like he's woozy.
Bonnie? Please.
Ash is doing the best he can.
Now I've seen it all.
That's Ash's training?
Sure is. Move it.
And groove it.
First off, we've got to do
something about those moves.
For sure. How do we do that?
The future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
This is my
not‐a‐very‐good‐dancer
automated good dancing device.
What's going on? Ah!
A revolution in dance.
Allowing anyone with no rhythm
to move and groove.
Following the beat to a T.
But, we're talking about
Ash here.
This I got to see.
You shall. Okay, here we go.
Full power. Switch on.
Huh? Hey, wait!
[grunting]
Whoa, Ash is dancing.
Who knew?
Continued practice
with my device
will have him dancing
like a natural in no time.
And now, let's pick up
the tempo just a little bit.
‐ Up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
‐ Ah! Ah! Ah!
Stop this crazy thing.
Come on!
[screaming]
‐ Clemont, make it stop!
‐ Well, I'm trying. I'm trying!
I'm getting dizzy.
I feel sick.
It's not stopping. Look out!
[Ash screaming]
[grunts]
Oh, man.
Everything's spinning.
My head.
Glad that's over with.
I'm so sorry.
What about your training, Ash?
Are you done?
Hm. I was getting so close.
Wait. Hey, I'll be
your dance teacher.
‐ Huh?
‐ Sure. I'm an excellent dancer.
‐ Are you really?
‐ Just leave it to me.
[grunts]
I'm wiped.
I don't think
this is working out so well.
I'm tapped out. I don't know
what else to teach you.
People are good at some things
and not so good at others.
So maybe the rhythmic
battle strategy
isn't the right thing for Ash.
But can he beat
Korrina without it?
Hmm?
You tried. Thanks, Serena.
You too, Clemont.
But, Ash, are you okay?
Yeah. I've got one choice.
I'll give it all I've got.
[PLEASED]
‐ Ash?
‐ Huh?
Have you finished
your training?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Perfect timing then.
We'll be able to get over
to the island soon.
Soon?
So how's that gonna happen?
Wait. You'll see.
[gasps]
Look at that.
A path. But how?
ASH
'Awesome!'
Korrina, what's happening?
[AMAZED]
KORRINA
'When it's the right time'
'a path to the island appears.'
Let's go.
Yes!
[EXCITED]
BONNIE
'So weird that a path appears
in the ocean.'
Like a fantasy world created
by the changing tides.
This is the Tower of Mastery.
The Gym's inside.
Alright.
Let's go have that battle.
‐ 'No need to be hasty.'
‐ Huh?
[SURPRISED]
KORRINA
'Grandfather!'
How are you, sir?
Nice to see you again.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ Glad you made it.
‐ Me, too.
I'm here to challenge the Gym.
But before you do, you must
listen to what I tell you.
Fact is, that's the rule when
anyone comes to this island.
Uh, if you say so.
Here we go again.
‐ What do you want to tell us?
‐ A valuable story.
It concerns Mega Evolution.
Come, come. Follow me.
Heads up.
Get ready for a long story.
BONNIE
'It's huge.'
‐ Is that Mega Lucario?
‐ Amazing.
I've never seen
such a large statue before.
It symbolizes
our family friend
'and our bond
with Mega Lucario.'
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Pumpkaboo.
[EXCITED]
You see, the history
of Mega Evolution began long ago
with the arrival
of one of my ancestors.
Right here on this island.
This man was traveling and
training with his Lucario
when they found two
peculiar stones right here.
It is generally believed
that what happened next
was the world's first
Mega Evolution.
So this is where
Mega Evolution started.
[AWED]
That's right.
Our family has lived here
and protected
Mega Evolution Island
ever since.
That's great! What an
interesting story that is.
I never knew that before.
Wow, this is an important place.
Yeah, you bet.
I want to become
a great Gym Leader
just like my Grandfather
and my ancestor.
Wait a sec,
your Lucario can Mega Evolve
and you're already
a great Gym Leader, right?
‐ You think? Go on.
‐ Stop.
To me, she still has
a long way to go.
It's too soon to pass down
the Scroll of Secrets to her.
Not that again.
Excuse me.
What's the Scroll of Secrets?
A family treasure.
It lists everything
one needs to know
to be a Gym Leader.
‐ Could we see it?
‐ Please, show us.
I'd love to see what it says.
Not possible. Only those chosen
are allowed to see it.
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE
Oh!
Grandfather has it
hidden away somewhere
and won't show it to anybody.
[scoffs]
[stomach grumbling]
Uh‐oh. Empty tummy.
[SHEEPISH]
The fact is,
we haven't had dinner yet.
In that case,
since it's already late
let's have
our Gym battle tomorrow.
You guys can stay here tonight.
It's been a while.
'Let's have dinner together.'
‐ 'Good idea.'
‐ 'Thanks.'
[PLEASED]
Yay. I'm starving!
Scroll of Secrets, eh?
Bet there's lots
of Mega Evolution stuff
in that thing.
Say, if we were to take it
and gift it to the Boss.
Not to would be a loss.
[EMPHATIC]
Quiet.
If it's not in that
old codger's room.
Then it's got to be here
somewhere. Let's find it.
[EMPHATIC]
Stifle it.
Zip. Zero. Nada.
JAMES
'Nothing in here.'
Then stop looking
where it isn't.
And start looking where it is.
We've got to start
thinking like a scroll.
[URGENT]
Is that a statue
of Mega Lucario?
Mega Evolution.
Maybe it's in there.
‐ I like the way you think.
‐ Nice.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Suspicious.
Truly.
My arm won't fit.
[both gasping]
Well,
look at what we got here.
Scroll time.
‐ Sublime.
[SURPRISED]
Who's up there?
‐ What are you doing?
‐ Busted.
Your Scroll of Secrets
is a secret no more.
‐ Can the roar.
‐ We're out the door.
What a bore.
‐ Give me back my scroll.
‐ Grandfather.
Korrina, they stole
the Scroll of Secrets.
[all gasping]
ASH
'Who's there?'
Prepare for trouble,
it's us, of course.
And we're taking
the Scroll of Secrets by force.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a not‐so‐secret fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[EMPHATIC]
Team Rocket?
I should've known.
Any slower and you'd be
talking backwards.
Swipers keepers.
[panting]
I will not allow you
to do this.
Grandfather.
I once had a school‐teacher
just like you.
With that in mind,
we'll say toodaloo.
[panting]
Grandpa, let us handle this.
We'll get the scroll back.
‐ Are you okay?
‐ I can't run anymore.
[groans]
Not again.
You're not getting away.
‐ Annoy people much?
‐ Inkay, go.
Psybeam, please.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[screaming]
Korrina.
Thanks, Lucario.
And thanks to you too.
Again, Inkay. Use Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
I don't think so.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Hey, nice move,
Ash and Pikachu.
Let's get moving.
JESSIE
'Step on it you loser.'
Come back.
Braying brats.
[EMPHATIC]
Give the scroll back.
[grunts]
Pikachu. Iron Tail, let's go.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
‐ Bye.
‐ That was my head.
We weren't ready to go yet!
Why don't you guys
just give it up?
You're going nowhere.
And neither is this scroll.
Pumpkaboo.
[EAGER]
You ready, Pikachu?
[CONFIDENT]
Wait, Ash.
I'll take care of them.
What?
Just you two lightweights?
Right. You got some
sort of problem with that?
Such sass.
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Dodge it, quick.
Pumpkaboo, use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Now, Bone Rush.
[DETERMINED]
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
Pumpkaboo, no.
Awesome. The two of them
are perfectly in sync.
[IMPRESSED]
Well in that case,
attack en masse.
I'm in too.
‐ 'Use Shadow Ball.'
‐ 'Use Tackle.'
Fury Swipes time.
[ATTACK]
Dodge them, Lucario.
[EXERTION]
Now what?
Ready?
Mega Evolve.
[gasping]
[ENERGIZED]
‐ Is that..
‐ Yes.
Ready, Lucario?
[CONFIDENT]
So? Knock yourselves out.
Use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Lucario. Use Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
[PAINED]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[FRUSTRATED]
Korrina and Lucario
are so amazing.
Don't you think so too, buddy?
[IMPRESSED]
And we get
to battle them tomorrow.
I can hardly wait. All set?
[CONFIDENT]
Here it is.
We got your scroll back.
Well done,
you make me very proud.
That's the Scroll of Secrets.
What does it say? Show us.
But we're not allowed
to see it, right?
Hm, since you managed to get
the scroll back to me
I guess
I can make an exception.
Wow, you mean it?
[EXCITED]
[laughing]
Yay!
Now.
"Rule one.
Early to bed and early to rise.
'"Rule two. Eat in moderation,
even if it's delicious.'
'"Rule three.'
'"Keep all of your
belongings organized'
'"and readily available.'
‐ But, sir?
‐ "Rule four.
Wash your hands
several times a day."
Um, is that really
the Scroll of Secrets?
You doubt me?
It took a lot of effort.
I spent countless hours
writing this.
All so Gym Leaders could be
at the peak of perfection.
[chuckles]
That's what you wrote?
Hm. Profound, right?
So then, there's nothing
in there about Mega Evolution
or your ancestors' history?
Uh! No. Not a single thing.
NARRATOR
The Shalour City Gym Battle
between Ash and Korrina
will now begin.
Each Trainer
may use three Pokémon.
Furthermore,
only the challenger
will be allowed
to substitute Pokémon.
Ash, you can do it.
Make sure you don't lose.
Both of you do your best.
You ready to go for it,
Pikachu?
[DETERMINED]
Gym Leader Korrina.
Come forth.
Huh?
[grunts]
So, we battle once again.
Finally.
Right. I've been looking forward
to this. I am totally psyched.
[EXCITED]
Me, too. I'll give it my all.
Great. And I'll be
doing the same thing.
[DETERMINED]
Ash sounds confident,
but I wonder
if he's really
going to be alright.
‐ Yeah, I do too.
‐ Go! Go! Go, Ash.
[EMPHATIC]
NARRATOR
The Gym battle between Ash
and Korrina is about
to get under way.
Will our hero be able
to defeat Mega Lucario
and win his third
Kalos Gym badge?
Stay tuned,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]